Add ignore_trailing_commas option (#4609)
nlohmann/json: docs/mkdocs/docs/api/basic_json/accept.md

:   whether comments should be ignored and treated like whitespace (`#!cpp true`) or yield a parse error
    (`#!cpp false`); (optional, `#!cpp false` by default)

`ignore_trailing_commas` (in)

> :   whether trailing commas in arrays or objects should be allowed (`#!cpp true`) or yield a parse error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   whether trailing commas in arrays or objects should be ignored and treated like whitespace (`#!cpp true`) or yield a parse error
```

(Same wording as for `ignore_comments`, also in other functions)
